update the readme (#97)
WayScience/NF1_3D_organoid_profiling_pipeline: README.md

---
### Raw channels
| 405 | 488 | 555 | 640 |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| <img src="./2.segment_images/animations/media_for_readme/C4-2_C4-2_405_animation.gif" alt="GIF 1"> | <img src="./2.segment_images/animations/media_for_readme/C4-2_C4-2_488_animation.gif"  alt="GIF 2"> | <img src="./2.segment_images/animations/media_for_readme/C4-2_C4-2_555_animation.gif" alt="GIF 3"> | <img src="./2.segment_images/animations/media_for_readme/C4-2_C4-2_640_animation.gif" alt="GIF 4"> |

### Organoid, Nuclei, Cell, and Cytoplasm Segmentations
| Organoid | Nuclei | Cell | Cytoplasm |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| <img src="./2.segment_images/animations/media_for_readme/C4-2_organoid_masks (labels)_animation.gif" alt="GIF 1"> | <img src="./2.segment_images/animations/media_for_readme/C4-2_nuclei_masks (labels)_animation.gif" alt="GIF 2"> | <img src="./2.segment_images/animations/media_for_readme/C4-2_cell_masks (labels)_animation.gif" alt="GIF 3"> | <img src="./2.segment_images/animations/media_for_readme/C4-2_cytoplasm_mask (labels)_animation.gif" alt="GIF 4">
---

## Cell Painting

> The modified 3D cell paingting was performed on patient-derived NF1 tumor organoids using the following stains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modified 3D cell painting assay was performed on patient-derived NF1 tumor organoids using the following stains:
```

- 1.image_quality_control
  - CellProfiler/analysis notebooks and scripts for QC and imaging QA.
- 2.segment_images
  - Full segmentation pipeline: notebooks, scripts for 2.5D/3D segmentation, mask reconstruction and post‑hoc refinements.
- 3.cellprofiling
  - CellProfiler pipelines, wrapper scripts and helpers to extract per-cell/per-organoid features.
- 4.processing_image_based_profiles
  - Scripts to merge, normalize, filter and aggregate image‑based profiles across wells/patients.
- 5.EDA
  - Exploratory analyses, visualization notebooks and scripts (UMAP, mAP, hit detection, figures).
- 6.dynamic_viz_Rshiny
  - Shiny app and deployment helpers for interactive result exploration.
- 7.technical_analysis
  - Experimental/analysis scripts and ad‑hoc notebooks used for method development.
- data
  - Expected location for processed image files, intermediate artifacts and aggregated profiles (patient subfolders).
- src / utils
  - Utility libraries and helper modules used across notebooks and scripts.
- environments
  - Conda/Mamba environment YAMLs and Makefile targets to reproduce required environments.

> Notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notes:**
```
Recommend trying to make this pop if possible
